subsys: jwt: add PSA crypto alternative to legacy libraries (TinyCrypt for ECDSA and Mbed TLS for RSA) (#78243)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-4.0.rst

* ZBus

* JWT (JSON Web Token)

>   * New Kconfigs were added to specify which library to use for the signature:
> 
>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_JWT_USE_PSA` (default) use PSA Crypto APIs;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The following new Kconfigs were added to specify which library to use for the signature:

    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_JWT_USE_PSA` (default) use the PSA Crypto API;
```
